pages/teaching.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: teaching
---

#### Ghent University
##### Interactieve Dodona Courses:
- [Statistiek](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/374/)
- [Statistiek: introductie to R](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/375/)
- [Statistiek: Data Exploratie en Visualisatie in R](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/376/)
- [R Basics](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/335/)
- [R Data Exploration and Visualisation](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/345/)
    
##### Other courses
- [High Dimensional Data Analysis 2020](https://statomics.github.io/HDA2020/), Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.

- [Statistical Genomics 2020](https://statomics.github.io/SGA2020/), 1st Master of Science in Bioinformatics & Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.

- [Statistiek 2020](https://statomics.github.io/sbc20/), 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Biotechnology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Sciences and 2nd Bachelor of Science in Chemistry.

- [UGent Teaching](https://telefoonboek.ugent.be/nl/people/801001441317)

#### Short courses
- [Short course in Proteomics Data Analysis](https://statomics.github.io/pda/)

#### Previous short courses
- [PSLS20: Practical Statistics for the Live Sciences (2020), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PSLS20/)
- [PDA19: Proteomics Data Analysis (2019), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PDA19/)
- [PDA18: Proteomics Data Analysis (2018), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PDA18/)

#### Previous UGent courses
- [Statistiek 2019](https://statomics.github.io/statistiekCursusNotas/), 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Biotechnology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Sciences and 2nd Bachelor of Science in Chemistry.

- [Statistical Genomics 2019](https://statomics.github.io/SGA2019/), 1st Master of Science in Bioinformatics & Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.

Commit message:

add state space model lecture to teaching

pages/teaching.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: teaching
---

#### Ghent University
##### Interactieve Dodona Courses:
- [Statistiek](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/374/)
- [Statistiek: introductie to R](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/375/)
- [Statistiek: Data Exploratie en Visualisatie in R](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/376/)
- [R Basics](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/335/)
- [R Data Exploration and Visualisation](https://dodona.ugent.be/nl/courses/345/)

##### Other courses
- [High Dimensional Data Analysis 2020](https://statomics.github.io/HDA2020/), Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.

- [Statistical Genomics 2020](https://statomics.github.io/SGA2020/), 1st Master of Science in Bioinformatics & Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.

- [Statistiek 2020](https://statomics.github.io/sbc20/), 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Biotechnology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Sciences and 2nd Bachelor of Science in Chemistry.

- [UGent Teaching](https://telefoonboek.ugent.be/nl/people/801001441317)

#### Short courses and lectures

- [An introduction to state-space models for time-series analysis with examples on three major crypto-currencies](https://statomics.github.io/StateSpaceCrypto/)
- [Short course in Proteomics Data Analysis](https://statomics.github.io/pda/)

#### Previous short courses
- [PSLS20: Practical Statistics for the Live Sciences (2020), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PSLS20/)
- [PDA19: Proteomics Data Analysis (2019), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PDA19/)
- [PDA18: Proteomics Data Analysis (2018), Gulbenkian Training Programme in Bioinformatics](https://gtpb.github.io/PDA18/)

#### Previous UGent courses
- [Statistiek 2019](https://statomics.github.io/statistiekCursusNotas/), 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Biotechnology, 2nd Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Sciences and 2nd Bachelor of Science in Chemistry.

- [Statistical Genomics 2019](https://statomics.github.io/SGA2019/), 1st Master of Science in Bioinformatics & Master of Science in Statistical Data Analysis.
